Nowadays, the number of teachers in some nations is remarkably declining. The problem becomes even more severe in remote areas where the living conditions are poor. As the issue is so alarming, proper solutions are needed to deal with it. In this essay, I will carefully consider the causes to this problem and suggest some viable ways to solve each of them.

To begin with, the salaries of teachers are generally much lower than those of other occupations which require same amount of knowledge. In particular, teachers are commonly seen as knowledgeable people, having astounding academic results. With such talent, people could study management, engineering, and other majors that are considered more attractive and profitable. Thus, to encourage more students to pursuit a career in education, it is crucial for the government to raise teachers' salaries, as well as giving them other welfares such as free health insurance.

Another reason making people do not want to become a teacher is the workload. While some people think that teachers' job is fairly simple with only a few classes per week, it is in fact the opposite. Aside from teaching at the school, there are many tasks for teachers to do at home. Those include preparing the lecture material, assessing students, and so on. In some cases, they also have to take care of special students and help them to mix with other friends, which takes lots of effort and patience. To solve this issue, one feasible method might be to apply technology into education. Some places have tried utilizing softwares to assist teachers with their tasks, showing some positive results. Hopefully, by adopting this method widely, teachers can make their job easier and less time-consuming.

All in all, after discussing some main reasons for the problem, solutions can be suggested to solve it. However, it is important to note that the causes may vary from country to country. Because of that, authorities need to consider their particular situation to make the appropriate policies.
